1.0.2 (#16)
rooseveltframework/crossplatform-killport: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.2

> - Added permission denied specific error while attempting to kill a port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The script will now throw a better error when you don't have permission to kill the process
```

> - The script will now throw a better error when you don't have permission to kill the process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The script will now throw a better error when you don't have permission to kill the process.
```
